---
title: Letter to aspiring coders (week 1)
---


You may be wondering why I chose to pick this route and option. I chose this as a fresh start into something new and unknown. I wanted to learn more and expand upon the knowledge I already had. The subject seemed extremely interesting to me and I was excited about the possibility of being able to learn all of it. My main concern once starting some of the prep work was simply, how am I gonna figure all of this out? There seems like so much to learn in such a short time. And that's exactly right. There is a great amount of learning in short periods of time. Don't become frustrated and overwhelmed is my advice with that. You'll try and fail several times and then once you get it, it's such a rewarding moment. Once you see your code working and passing tests you'll throw yourself a little party at your desk, or in the coffee shop you were sitting in for hours, or just in your room. It's an amazing feeling. After a week into class I felt exhausted and was thinking to myself "12 weeks?! No way! I'm gonna crash and burn!". Here we are though and each day I'm more and more confident. It's great to feel even better when you get the "aha!" moments. Overall I would say my advice for all of this is, don't lose confidence. Don't feel like you don't belong because everyone struggles through this material. You'll fall behind one week and be ahead the next. You're also not alone. Your classmates will help you to succeed! I know that I've helped them and they've helped me plenty. All of the class is in this together!